README.md, before:


# POCKET POKEDEX

## PROJECT ABSTRACT


We all know what Pokemon is, and most of us might know what a Pokédex is. It is an encyclopedia focused on providing information on the world of Pokémon, from creatures’ biology to their base stats used in battle. In this project, I would like to replicate the Pokédex that we see in the anime and games of Pokémon. This project will combine Artificial intelligence; 3D modeling, NLQ service and cloud service to deliver a fleshed-out and interactive Pokédex experience. This app also focuses on a hub area where users can create teams, share them and record their personal “box” of Pokémon. Users can also scan different Pokémon like using their
photograph or even scan a certain TCG card to retrieve info on them. I want to put it on IOS and Android to enhance that experience of opening up your own Pokédex. This project will expose me to Machine learning, AR, cloud computing and game data to create an immersive Pokédex experience. I once created a small project called Pokedex using Python, and in this project, I will be starting from where I left off but this time, with all these features.

### Rquirements ###

 Please make sure you have Python installed
```
pip install requests
pip install flask
```
 Once you have installed flask and requests, open up a terminal window in your IDE, make sure you in the root directory of the program and then type
```
 python app.py
 ```

Once you start the server by running python app.py, you can go to your localhost:5000 to view the site, or your loopback address, and or click the link provided in the terminal output


## TOOLS 

flask
react
python

## JIIRA PROJECT BOARD LINK
https://pokedex-tu.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/PT/boards/3

Commit message:

Revise README with project features and requirements
Updated project description for clarity and added details on user authentication and features.

README.md, after:


# POCKET POKEDEX

## PROJECT ABSTRACT


We all know what Pokemon is, and most of us might know what a Pokédex is. It is an encyclopedia focused on providing information on the world of Pokémon, from creatures’ biology to their base stats used in battle. In this project, I would like to replicate the Pokédex that we see in the anime and games of Pokémon. This project will have beautiful and no bloat on the page to quickly identify which Pokemon you want in your team! It allows for user authenticaion and sign-in to retain their previous tracked teams, create new teams, and view all information about every single Pokemon in generations 1-9. If you aren't leveraging the Team Battle Builder feature, once again, it still functions perfectly fine to query and learn more about Pokemon that you're interested in.

### Rquirements ###

 Please make sure you have Python installed
```
pip install requests
pip install flask
```
 Once you have installed flask and requests, open up a terminal window in your IDE, make sure you in the root directory of the program and then type
 
```
 python app.py
 ```

Once you start the server by running python app.py, you can go to your localhost:5000 to view the site, or your loopback address, and or click the link provided in the terminal output


## TOOLS 

Flask
HTML
CSS
Javscript
Python

## JIIRA PROJECT BOARD LINK
https://pokedex-tu.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/PT/boards/3
